---
title: english-day-01
date: '2018-04-23'
description: english 
---

obsessed
My children are obsessed with their Gameboys.

saddle
This Western saddle is comfortable when I have to ride all day.

dedicated
He was very dedicated to his homework.

allege
She alleged that I was the criminal.

adoption
Adoption is a good option because it helps out many kids.

examination
I visit the doctor every year for a health examination.

inspector
The inspector is checking the goods.

transfer
I'll transfer these files from one folder to the other.

slender
Ever since you started exercising, you've become so much more slender!

involve
All parts of the machine are involved with each other.

absorb
Sponges can absorb a lot of water.

offend
His bad behavior really offended the woman.

unfair
It's unfair! She eats so much, but she's still slim.

envelop
The mother enveloped her baby in a cozy blanket.

mould
I mould the clay with my hands to make a cup.

depart
I will depart for a different city.

preliminary
The preliminary drawings of the building are already finished.

creation
No, I did not copy the disign; this is my own creation.

sow
If you sow the seeds, the plants will grow.

market
I always buy begetables in the market.

device
Mobile phones are widely used devices.

full
After a long day of work, I enjoy a tall glass full of delicous, cold beer.

dig
To install the swimming pool thy used a machine to dig a big hole.

natural
Only the natural vegetables are healthy.

essential
Hot pot and Mahong are essential componnents of Sichuanese culture.

perspective
In correct perspective, all horizontal lines meet at a single point.

apply
Now, I'll apply some cream to your face.

rare
Pandas are hard to find because they're so rare.

disadvantage
The one ant is at a disadvantage against so many others.

wonder
The woman wonders if she carries a boy or a girl.

sharp
This knife is very sharp!

learning
He works so hard in school because he loves learning.

stool
I bought some stools for my apartment in case guests come over.

visit
My doctor visits me every week.

indeed
We all think that it is good indeed.

stroke
The stroke of this club sent the ball flying high in the air.

housing
The government will build more cheap housing to help poor people.

stain
You bad kitten! Look at all these stains by your paw.

emergence
It was interesting to watch the plant's slow emergence from the soil.

adverb
Adverbs help to give more meaning to verbs and adjectives.

slip
The floor is wet,make sure you don't slip and fall.

aged
We may be old and aged, but our lives are great. We're got it made!

reaction
Everyone had a strong reaction to the horror movie.

ecological
Ecological balance should be maintained by all.

lane
The small dirt lane goes through the forest.

achievement
Graduating from university in such a short time is a major achievement.

specify
If you want to achieve your goals, it's important to specify them clearly.

kidney
Are you willing to sell your kidney for an Apple product?

potential
He has a lot of potential , I could see him going places.

extreme
The roller coaster has some pretty extreme turns; it might make you sick.

counselling
It provides a counselling service for those in need.

respond
The little boy responds to the customers.

special
Tody is a very special day to them.

literal
In contracts all word meanings are literal, whereas in literature they can be figurative.

asylum
He acts like a dog, so we send him to an asylum.

institute
This institute has trained many excellent doctors.

meet
We need to meet in this room every morning.

bet
I made a huge bet in the game but I lost, and now I have no money.

reminder
I need a reminder to remind me of the dental appointment tomorrow.

radical
This religious radical plans to kill everyone who doesn't share his religion.

share
Would you like to share some ice cream with me?

devoted
Though young, he is a devoted follower of this religion.

unkind
I don't understand why my boss is so unkind to me

embody
In China, the Dragon embodies strength and good fortune.

violin
She can play the violin well.

maternity
It's not imprinting Effect but maternity that works.

gradual
The car chart shows gradual growth until the end.

snack
I've put out a few snacks for you to enjoy before dinner.

terrace
Look at the wonderful view from our terrace!

inspiration
I come to the mountains to find inspiration and enlightenment.

advice
The doctor is giving her some good advice.

pop
Let's pop open the champagne.

substitution
Vitamin supplements are a subsitution for the nutrition of food.

fuse
Run away from the bomb before the fuse burns down.

delay
The flight was delayed , so I'll have to wait until tomorrow.

signal
When the traffic signal truns red, we should stop.

whereby
She went to the Grammy Awards whereby she ended up with many wins.

shark
I think the shark wants to eat me!

improvement
I hope our sales show some improvement soon.

existing
The existing chairman of China right now is President Xi.

electricity
A man came to check the electricity.

republican
The United States has a republican form of government.

valuation
You need to conduct a thorough valucation of your house before selling it.

existence
Do you believe in the existence of dragons?

medical
As a medical doctor, I work mainly with sick people.

biologist
The biologist is doing experiments in the laboratory.

consideration
He gave my proposal due condideration.

prime
Our prime task is to reduce the pollution. said the mayor.

underground
The office building had underground parking.

intake
The child was given special equipment for the intake of oxygen.

collision
A black car is in collision with a red car.

custody
They arrested me and I was taken into custody.

cage
Get me out of this cage! Where's the key?

spirit
The Olympic spirit is "faster , higher and stronger".

delight
The girl is smiling with delight.

outweigh
There is something that outweighs money , such as love.

local
The local people have their own clothing and culture.

once
I've already told you once not to disturb me , watch out, because I won't tell you twice!

bother
Don't bother me! I'll never play with you again!

clutch
He clutches his red packet and stays alert.

magic
Pulling a rabbit out of a hat is the most classic magic trick.

bracket
These are square brackets and curly brackets.

constrain
He likes the girl, but he is constrained by his two friends.

deserve
The winner deserves the prize, he was really the best.

endure
I have to endure the weird smells on my way to work.

elaborate
The designs for the house are very elaborate; they took me days to draw.

painful
My shoulder hurts, it's very painful.

outdoor
It's nice to be outdoors in warm weather.

cost
This bra costs $200! How expensive!

billion
I don't know why anyone would need a billion dollars.

blonde
She has long, curly blonde hair

audit
My job is to audit the actual stock against what the computer says should be there.

sector
All sectors of the economy are vital to the continued prosperity of our people.

pants
I bought several new pairs of pants.

