---
date: 2013-03-21 12:29:26
title: spring insight 使用介绍
---


<p> To install Spring Insight Developer, you install the vFabric tc Server Developer edition and then create a new tc Runtime instance using the&nbsp;insight&nbsp;template. </p> 
<p> Follow these steps to install Spring Insight Developer edition: </p> 
<div> 
 <ol> 
  <li> <p> From the&nbsp;<a href="http://downloads.vmware.com/">VMware Download Center</a>, download tc Server Developer Edition, which includes Spring Insight Developer. </p> 
   <div> 
    <ul> 
     <li> <p> tc Server Developer Edition, for example,&nbsp;vfabric-tc-server-developer-2.5.<em>X.X</em>.zip </p> </li> 
    </ul> 
   </div> </li> 
  <li> <p> Open a terminal (Unix) or Command Prompt (Windows) and create the main tc Server installation directory, such as&nbsp;/home/tcserver. For example, on Unix: </p> <pre>prompt$ mkdir /home/tcserver</pre> </li> 
  <li> <p> Unzip or untar the bundle you downloaded into the new directory. </p> <p> For example, if you downloaded the tc Server Developer Edition into the&nbsp;/home/Downloads&nbsp;directory: </p> <pre>prompt$ cd /home/tcserver
prompt$ unzip /home/Downloads/vfabric-tc-developer-2.5.<em>X.X</em>.zip</pre> <p> This creates a directory called&nbsp;vfabric-tc-server-developer-2.5.<em>X.X</em>. This directory contains the tc Runtime utility scripts, the templates directory (including the&nbsp;insight&nbsp;template), Tomcat 6 and 7, and so on. See<a href="http://static.springsource.com/projects/tc-server/2.1/getting-started/html/ch06s03.html">Overview of tc Server Directories, Variables, and Configuration Files&nbsp;</a>for details. </p> </li> 
  <li> <p> Create a tc Server instance with the Spring Insight Developer template using the&nbsp;tcruntime-instance.sh&nbsp;(Unix) or&nbsp;tcruntime-instance.bat&nbsp;(Windows) script. On Unix, for example: </p> <pre>prompt$ cd /home/tcserver/vfabric-tc-server-developer-2.5.<em>X.X</em> prompt$ ./tcruntime-instance.sh create myInstanceName -t insight</pre> </li> 
  <li> <p> Execute the tc Server instance you created using the&nbsp;tcruntime-ctl.sh&nbsp;(Unix) or&nbsp;tcruntime-ctl.bat&nbsp;(Windows) script. </p> <p> On Unix: </p> <pre>prompt$ ./tcruntime-ctl.sh <em>myInstanceName</em> start</pre> <p> On Windows, you must install the instance as a Windows service before you start it: </p> <pre>prompt$ tcruntime-ctl.bat <em>myInstanceName</em> install
prompt$ tcruntime-ctl.bat <em>myInstanceName</em> start</pre> </li> 
  <li> <p> Deploy your Web applications to tc Server. Copy the WAR files to the&nbsp;webapps&nbsp;directory of the tc runtime instance and make any necessary changes to the&nbsp;conf/server.xml&nbsp;and&nbsp;conf/context.xml&nbsp;files to support the deployed application. </p> </li> 
  <li> <p> Access the Spring Insight Dashboard by loading the url&nbsp;http://localhost:8080/insight&nbsp;in your browser. </p> </li> 
 </ol> 
</div> 
<p> See the<a href="http://static.springsource.com/projects/documentation/index.html">&nbsp;tc Server documentation</a>&nbsp;for more detailed information about installing and configuring tc Server. </p>